Welcome back today I'm here with Jennifer ball Kashi if a client of mine at the gym that I teach at and Jennifer today we're here to talk about the transformation that you have made and so many people struggle with trying to get healthy and fit and they become imprisoned in their bodies. And they wake up every day feeling like they don't wanna be in that body. Or. How did it start free again. So. You know as an nurse practitioner I'm trained actually with a license as an acute care nurse practitioner and a family nurse practitioner and you know being a health care provider we always think of that we know everything possible about house. And. It just started to be where I was exhausted over the course of the past few years I was. To a point where I was overweight and I just really needed something to change it was to the point that I had really lost the person I've become I've always been a really positive person very strong confident and I just didn't have that anymore. And so it really came to the point that you know I needed to find. Please that I wanted to stop settling and I wanted to start living my dreams all the things that I wanted to do I wasn't capable of doing that where. Because of my weight and being so tired all the time. And so I really thought to myself you know what it this is it I have to find a better version of myself and you know I wanted to be the author of a different story so what I did was you know I embrace the pain and I use that to really burn my fuel to be able to drive a different course and so I started on a nutritional cleansing program. And you know I released a total of 70 pounds I now live in a different body where I have tons of energy and mental clarity and I wake up like that every day and you know now I how'd that better version of me you know I am running 5 miles a day I'm lifting heavier in the gym than I ever have been in achieving all the things that I thought that were at the complete impossible. Right. So John what was the secret for the new you so really what I started was it it's the whole system and. It it's it's a nutritional cleansing program and and what it really is it's it's a roadmap that really can drive you to regain your overall health. And that's what I love about it a you know it incorporates you know in natural products I'm a but also a clean eating lifestyle and you know so we when we think about all of these fad diets out there you know everybody starts to engage on you these type of fad diets and they lose a lot of we and they become scale dependence and so what happens is they lose all this weight but they don't realize that they're not only losing. Facts but they're also breaking down their muscle and that puts their body and a catabolic state and see what happens with that kind of bollocks state is you know you're breaking down that fat and muscle and that really shut down our metabolism so for people out there what really happens is is that they start on these programs and they lose everything but let me go back to normal eating they regain all the weight and so than any year third 10 to 20 pounds heavier and then we'll go on a program again and then we'll gain another 1020 pounds when they start to you know eat differently again so this is really truly a lifestyle it's not any type of back fat component at all. Well Jan you look fantastic thank you. So who can benefit from this nutritional program. So for this program there is a solution that for every minute you know all of us out there have 3 different types of challenges we I can benefit from weight loss we can benefit from energy in performance and we can also benefit from healthy aging. So you know what we find is that you know a lot of athletes can benefit from the energy and performance perspective you know where they can you deny on their running time and they can increase their activity in their weights that they're doing in the jam and then there's also you know different types of products that can help you from a healthy aging perspective you know as well and then you've got the weight loss component that I have you really demonstrated with my own transformation so everyone can benefit from the program absolutely. So what is the next main component of this program. The main components of the program is a sh is a chic I minister Sheikh program combined with a clean eating perspective and I'll go into the cleaning perspective later on but no in regards to what that the Sheik is a very different than you know a number of the other shakes better out there it's really the bass protein that's available and so what it is it's a it's 100 percent I'm denatured grasp anyway protein so everybody asks what does that mean right you know let's break it down into layman's terms so people can understand it. So the grass fed components means and that the protein sources not been injected with any any type of toxins at all and so. That you don't have any antibiotics or steroids or hormones are
